Robbie Peterson team Peterson racing
I'm Brad Peterson Malcolm Smith
motorsports KTM racing team Peterson
races
the KTM 450 my dad's done a great job
with it rips definitely to him the hill
then sent me pretty good this year done
some pretty good placement
mavic aksium 660
the nitrous oxide kit on it and I've
been pretty good on that also we've been
experimenting with some different
suspension setups
my big box at kicking I'm 950 and it's
got the stock girlfriend it's all
figures on nitro and by far my favorite
bike ride
I'm just coming in expecting a lot as
usual I mean we come in we expect to do
well we expect to be in the top spots